ENDING IF THE ANSWER " God, if I do not win this election the forces of evil will consume the United States. Please, God, make this recession a truly terrible one, so that I may have an easy path to victory. I promise I will fix the economy when I am President." on question 8 is chosen:

TITLE: Hell - October 3078
TEXT: William’s eyes opened for what felt like the billionth time. Again, he was summoned to the King of King's room, the Chessmaster. Maybe today would be the day that he'd be able to return to Heaven? Maybe today he would win? But he knew better. It was all a ruse. A ruse to punish him. After the walk that never ended escorted by the man with six wings, he finally arrived. There William would encounter a man he had encountered as many times as he had opened his eyes. “Come,” said the Chessmaster, the King of Kings. So William went so that he could finally win that game of chess. William went first, then the Chessmaster. After only a few short turns, the Chessmaster won, as he had as many times as William had opened his eyes. “Again?” said the Chessmaster. William had no choice. “Again,” he said. “Again.”
PICTURE: https://i.imgur.com/Q3C35IA.jpeg 

ENDING IF WIN:
TITLE Heaven
TEXT: You have done it, William. You have finished a journey that began one hundred and twelve years ago. You are finally President of the United States of America. Ordained by our Heavenly Father above, your victory was nothing but certain from the start, but that does not take away from the glee you feel in this moment. Now, after all this time you can bring your agenda forth, an agenda of sympathy and Godliness, one that will bring true greatness to America. As you look into the heavens above on the morning after Election Day, you are nothing but grateful. “Thank you, God,” you say. “Thank you.”
PICTURE: https://i.imgur.com/7x4VaiO.jpeg 

ENDING IF LOSE:
TITLE: Purgatory 
TEXT: Even with God by your side, you have failed. This was your moment, but somehow, against that McKinley copycat McCain, you have faltered again. What will this mean for you? You don’t know. Surly if you failed, it must have been God’s Plan. But then why did he send you to Earth in the first place? What was this all for? Has the Devil finally gained control over Earth? Is all hope lost? The morning after the Election, you are greeted by a familiar face. “Please Azrael, take me back. I am ready.”
PICTURE: https://i.imgur.com/kCbC3aE.jpeg

ENDING IF TIE:
TITLE: Playing Politics
TEXT: What should have been a great victory has become a pathetic game of politics. The Democrats have won both chambers of Congress, and you do have Republican crossover appeal, but even if you will be President, you wonder why it had to be like this. Why has God punished you so? Why do you have to be stuck playing politics?
PICTURE: https://i.imgur.com/QyzczUe.jpeg
